---
author: 
title: 2nd (Regular) Meeting, 2024-25
date: 2024-08-18
description: Minutes of the 2nd (Regular) Meeting of Students' Senate 2024-25.
---
The 2nd (Regular) meeting of the Students' Senate for the 2024-25 academic year was convened at 9:00 PM on August 18, 2024, in Senate Hall, New SAC. PFB the agenda for the same:

#### Agenda for the Meeting

<table border="1" style="border-collapse: collapse;">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 50px; text-align: center;">Sr No</th>
      <th>Proposal</th>
      <th>Proposer</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">1</td>
      <td>Announcements and Remarks, if any.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">2</td>
      <td>Show cause notice to Senators.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">3</td>
      <td>To consider the elections for Members of/Nominees to Students' Senate Standing Committees/Councils.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">4</td>
      <td>To consider the formation of an ad hoc subcommittee for a comprehensive review of IC courses under UGARC2020.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">5</td>
      <td>To consider the charge handover of Chairperson, Students' Senate.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">6</td>
      <td>To consider the election of Convener of the Council of Festival Affairs (CoFA) 2024-25.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">7</td>
      <td>To consider the regular report on the status of Gymkhana Finances.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">8</td>
      <td>To consider the request of Coordinator and PI, CDAP for replacement of President's nominees to CDAP.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">9</td>
      <td>To consider a proposal for increasing bag racks in the P. K. Kelkar Library.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;">Harshul Kamboj</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">10</td>
      <td>To consider the conversion of E-Sports Society to E-Sports Club.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;">Daxal Prajapati,
Shreyash Kumar,
Akshay Choudhary</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">11</td>
      <td>To consider the Pre-Conduction Report of the General Championship '24.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;">Dhruv Misra, President Students' Gymkhana</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">12</td>
      <td>To consider the Pre-Conduction Report of Takneek '24.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;">Hardik Agrawal, General Secretary Science and Technology</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align: center;">13</td>
      <td>Any additional items with the permission of Chairperson, Students' Senate.</td>
      <td style="padding-left: 20px;"></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


### **Minutes of the Meeting :**

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1SH_IoCFVcNxTAWbnoVB8slcZfzDx_9GO/preview" width="100%" height="500px"></iframe>

